README.md, before:

# GitHub Action for Eleventy

Use this action to build your static website with [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/).

To use it, create a `.github/workflows/eleventy_build.yml` file which [uses this repository](https://help.github.com/en/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idsteps) as an action.

Here's an example which builds the site with this action, then deploys to GitHub Pages with [peaceiris/actions-gh-pages](https://github.com/peaceiris/actions-gh-pages):

```yaml
name: Eleventy Build
on: [push]

jobs:
  build_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@master
      - name: Build
        uses: cjerrington/actions-eleventy@master
      - name: Deploy
        uses: peaceiris/actions-gh-pages@v3
        with:
          publish_dir: _site
          publish_branch: gh-pages
          github_token: ${{ secrets.DEPLOY_TOKEN }}
```

This action accepts a couple of optional inputs:

| Input Name             | Required? | Default | Description                                                            |
| ---------------------- | :-------: | :-----: | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `args`                 |    No     |  `""`   | Arguments to pass to the Eleventy invocation                           |
| `install_dependencies` |    No     | `false` | If set to `true`, `npm install` will be run before Eleventy is invoked |

For example:

```yaml
- name: Build
  uses: cjerrington/actions-eleventy@v1.3
  with:
    args: '--output=_dist'
    install_dependencies: true
```

Commit message:

update readmme to reflect my testing

README.md, after:

# GitHub Action for Eleventy

Use this action to build your static website with [Eleventy](https://www.11ty.dev/).

To use it, create a `.github/workflows/eleventy_build.yml` file which [uses this repository](https://help.github.com/en/articles/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idsteps) as an action.

Here's an example which builds the site with this action, then deploys to GitHub Pages with [peaceiris/actions-gh-pages](https://github.com/peaceiris/actions-gh-pages):

```yaml
name: Eleventy Build
on: [push]

jobs:
  build_deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@master
      - name: Build
        uses: cjerrington/actions-eleventy@master
      - name: Deploy
        uses: peaceiris/actions-gh-pages@v3
        with:
          publish_dir: _site
          publish_branch: gh-pages
          github_token: ${{ secrets.DEPLOY_TOKEN }}
```

This action accepts a couple of optional inputs:

| Input Name             | Required? | Default | Description                                                                               |
| ---------------------- | :-------: | :-----: | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `args`                 |    No     |  `""`   | Arguments to pass to the Eleventy invocation                                              |
| `install_dependencies` |    No     | `false` | If set to `true`, `npm install` will be run before Eleventy is invoked                    |
| `update_npm`           |    No     | `false` | If set to `true`, `npm update` and `npm update -g` will be run before Eleventy is invoked |

For example:

```yaml
- name: Build
  uses: cjerrington/actions-eleventy@master
  with:
    args: '--output=_dist'
    install_dependencies: true
    update_npm: true
```
